ppx_irmin: add support for higher-kinded types (#1085)
mirage/irmin: CHANGES.md

  - Added a `migrate` function for upgrading stores with old formats (#TODO,
    @icristescu, @CraigFe)

- **ppx_irmin**:

  - Added support for deriving type representations for types with type

>     parameters. Type `'a t` generateseara representation of type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    parameters. Type `'a t` generates a representation of type
```

>     `'a Type.t -> 'a t Type.t` (TODO, @CraigFe)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `'a Type.t -> 'a t Type.t` (#1085, @CraigFe)
```
